Updated Developer Guide (#232)
AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-4/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

   <div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source:
   <b>Note:</b> 

>    If no student(s) with a matching studentId or moduleCodeis found, then PersonNotFoundException() or ModuleCodeNotFoundException() will be thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If no student(s) with a matching studentId or moduleCode is found, then PersonNotFoundException() or ModuleCodeNotFoundException() will be thrown.
```
